(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Go!
(whimpering)
You've dueled
enough times
to know when a comeback
is impossible,
so save me the time
and the trouble
and hand Celina
over to me.
Never!
Barrett, I can't believe
you couldn't handle
such a simple
bounty hunt.
I'll handle things
from here.
I'll be taking these three fools
into custody.
I finally found you,
you snake!
I've got a score to settle
with you,
and we're settling it now!
That's what you get
for taking RinRin!
What the Professor wants,
the Professor gets.
He wanted Rin, just like
he wants me to get Celina now.
Let's duel!
What's that? Everyone from
the underground has escaped?
Order our reserve units
to comb the city for escapees.
We must keep our focus
on Obelisk Force.
They won't capture
Celina or Zuzu!
(gasps)
Why is it glowing now?
(Yuri)
Your Dragon is impressive.
Annihilating it will give me
tremendous pleasure.
I Fusion Summon!
Arise, Starving Venom
Fusion Dragon!
(grunting)
(screaming)
♪
♪ Hey hey,
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action
Are you ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance
Go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards
If you'll pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
Let your powers come to life ♪
♪ It's showtime
Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel
Go 'head and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel
the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
I think I'm getting closer.
C'mon, Yuya.
I know you're around here.
(grunts)
What's wrong with Yuya?
It's like he's completely
out of control.
And his monsters
aren't looking so good either.
(roaring)
(screaming)
(grunting)
(roaring)
Yuya?
It's finally time.
Finally time... to reunite.
Reunite...
and become whole
just as before.
I shall resurrect.
Resurrect...
and return back here.
Back as one.
He's in there.
I can feel it.
(roaring)
Things are
getting crazy.
We must stand firm
and hold our ground.
Where's he going?
No idea.
Reunite... as one.
Reunite as one.
What are you
babblin' about?
You think acting crazy
is gonna throw me off my game?
I'm resurrecting now!
(roaring)
Yuya!
No!
(grunting)
No! Yuri!
(roaring)
(screaming)
Oh, no!
Yuya!
The light... it's gone.
Yuya, are you okay?
Zuzu, how did
you find me?
Zuzu Boyle?
The Professor wants you too,
but I never expected
you would come to me.
This is bad.
Zuzu, get outta here!
Don't even bother trying.
Both you and Celina
are mine.
Guess again!
Neither of them
are going anywhere!
Not as long as I can stand
on my own two feet.
Yuya...
(grunts)
(grunting)
You may be able to stand up,
but you can't stand up to me.
Take a real good look
at yourself.
You and your monsters
are all chained up.
You barely have a leg
to stand on.
You're wrong,
and I'll prove it to you!
Heh. I admire
your spirit, kid,
but you can't win a duel
on spirit alone.
(gasps)
It also takes tactics,
tactics I've used
to trap you
and take down foes
far superior to you.
Yuya‐‐
Zuzu, don't worry
about me!
It's fine.
I'll get us
outta this.
Duel Academy won't
hurt you or Celina.
Trust me, it'll
all work out, 'kay?
(Barrett)
Heh, another promise
that you can't keep.
Very well, then.
I'll just have
to finish you.
Let's battle.
Panther Predator, attack his
Dark Rebellion Xyz Dragon.
(growling)
Due to Crimson Chain's
effect,
your Dragon isn't destroyed,
but you still take damage.
And that triggers
Steel Chain's effect,
so both your Dragons
lose attack points
equal to the damage
you suffered.
Odd‐Eyes and Dark Rebellion
lose 700 attack points each.
But your misery
is far from over, Yuya!
Beastborg Wolf Kampfer deals you
an extra 300 points of damage!
(grunting)
And watch history
repeat itself
as my Steel Chain
zaps 300 more attack points
out of your monsters.
(roaring)
(grunts)
Neither of Yuya's Dragons
has any attack points left!
You're down
to 600 life points,
which isn't enough to survive
my attack next turn.
It's game over, Yuya.
(grunts)
I told you
that you would fail,
but you refused
to listen.
The moment you chose
to duel me,
there was no hope for you
escaping in one piece.
No hope?
Is he right?
Do I have no hope
at all, Dad?
Mom?
It's really...
over?
After I've come this far?
It can't end like this.
It just can't,
even if it takes a miracle!
(rumbling)
Huh?
I found you.
It's Sergey!
Why's he here?
(computer voice)
Intrusion penalty,
2,000 life points.
(beeping)
What a pleasant surprise.
Searching for Celina
led me right to Zuzu.
(light chuckle)
Seize them both, Sergey.
Affirmative, sir.
I activate
Earthbound Prison!
(whimpering)
Aah!
Zuzu, are you okay?
I am, but...
I'm trapped in here!
(Yuya)
Don't sweat it!
I'll break ya outta there soon!
Good.
Now, Sergey,
after you defeat
Barrett and Yuya,
no one can stop me.
(laughing)
(thunder)
I must defeat
Barrett and Yuya
to claim Zuzu and Celina
for Master Roget.
Zuzu has been isolated.
Refocus target on Barrett.
Initiating
anti‐Fusion Dimension protocols
for optimal strategies
to defeat Barrett.
I don't know
who you are,
but I don't take
too kindly
to those who
interrupt my battles.
Especially those who then have
the nerve to threaten me!
Go ahead and make your move,
you freak!
Since Earthbound Prison
is in play,
I am granted opportunity
to summon
Earthbound Prisoner
Stone Sweeper from hand.
Next I summon Tuner Monster
Earthbound Prisoner Line Walker.
Those monsters can't do anything
against me.
Next step on protocol
is to activate spell card
Harmonic Synchro Fusion.
I use two monsters to Synchro
Summon and Fusion Summon!
No way!
Synchro Summon
and Fusion Summon?
Initiating Synchro Summon
as primary action.
Level 3
Earthbound Prisoner Line Walker
tunes level 5 Earthbound
Prisoner Stone Sweeper.
I Synchro Summon!
Earthbound Servant
Geo Gryphon!
(roaring)
Initiating Fusion Summon
as secondary action.
These two Earthbound Prisoners
assimilate into one!
I Fusion Summon!
Earthbound Servant
Geo Kraken!
(roaring)
Bravo.
By creating a hybrid
of both Synchro
and Fusion Summoning,
I've combined
the best aspects
of New Domino City
and Duel Academy.
Yes, only I could achieve
such a feat.
Now use this power
to dispel him from my world.
Yes, master.
(Sergey)
Geo Kraken, attack Wolf Kampfer!
(roaring)
(grunts)
Nice try,
but when Wolf Kampfer's
destroyed in battle,
I can summon the monsters
that were used to create it
from my graveyard!
(growling)
Geo Gryphon,
attack Panther Predator!
When Panther Predator's
destroyed,
I can summon the monsters
used to create it, too!
But since I no longer
have any Beastborgs
standing on my front lines,
my Steel Chain and Crimson Chain
are both destroyed,
releasing Yuya and his monsters
from lockdown.
Zuzu!
You're free!
That's so great!
Don't worry,
I'll break you outta
this weird glowy cage
in no time flat!
(grunts)
Or maybe give me a few more
seconds to figure this one out.
(Barrett)
There's nothing to figure out.
Huh?
As soon as I defeat
this creep,
you're right back
to being
my number‐one target
for elimination, Yuya.
Am I supposed to be
scared by that?
Duel Yuya?
How when you
will lose to me?
Good, Barrett.
(Barrett)
You only dealt me
a temporary setback.
I can use the spell
Beastborg Fusioner
on my next turn
to resurrect
my Beastborg Squadron
and force you to retreat
back to your barracks.
You are not going to have
a second turn.
Analyzing enemy's monsters.
Calculating endgame scenarios.
Victory confirmed!
Due to Geo Kraken's
special ability,
all monsters summoned
during my turn are destroyed.
What?
All of 'em?
And you take
800 points of damage
for every
destroyed monster,
which is enough to eliminate
all your life points.
(screaming)
(whimpers)
(groans)
Barrett?
Oh, no!
Barrett lost!
Celina, I may have lost,
but I'm still
carrying out my mission.
You will return
to Duel Academy,
but I will not be able
to protect you.
Barrett, no.
Quit it!
You can't send Celina
back there!
Don't do it!
(Barrett)
Time to go.
(Yuya)
No!
Celina!
(Yuya)
No!
Celina!
It's horrible!
She's gone!
One down, one to go.
You brainless baboon!
How could you let him
take her?
At least salvage this mess
by capturing Zuzu Boyle.
Sergey!
You won't lay a finger
on Zuzu!
I may have failed Celina,
but that's the last misstep
I'm making today!
Whatever you do,
whatever you try,
I will stop you!
Yuya.
That is incorrect.
You do not have cards
to win.
We'll see about that!
I draw!
Be careful, Yuya!
Sergey has plenty
of tricks.
I'll start things off
by activating the spell card
Magical Thunder.
By sending a spell card
in my hand to the graveyard,
Magical Thunder strikes
and destroys one card
on your field!
How predictable.
This is precisely the move
I expected Yuya to make.
Sergey's already set
to counteract it
with Earthbound
Spell Sealer.
When you activate a spell,
this trap negates and destroys
that spell,
rendering it
entirely useless.
I programmed Sergey to
anticipate all your strategies,
so you can't win.
Don't let Sergey get to you.
I'll be fine.
Worry about yourself!
Huh?
If you duel
like you always have,
I know you'll come out
on top.
Believe in yourself!
You can swing things your way
again!
If I'm going to swing things
my way,
I have to duel
to make people smile.
I can't forget who I am.
(Yoko)
Yuya, that card should always
serve as a reminder to you.
If you're down in the dumps
or feel like the world's
against you,
sometimes making someone smile
can turn things around.
(Yuya)
Zuzu's right.
The way I've been dueling
so far,
I couldn't even make
a hyena laugh.
But it's time
for all of that to change.
It's time for me
to swing into action!
I discard Smile World
from my hand
to destroy
one of your cards!
Which monster
will you destroy?
My Geo Gryphon
or my Geo Kraken?
Neither!
I choose to destroy
your Field Spell
Earthbound Prison!
Huh?
(groans)
Unbelievable!
Why, this unexpected move
has completely fried
Sergey's programming.
(grunting)
(Sergey)
Rebooting complete.
By destroying
Earthbound Prison,
you lose half
your life points,
and your monsters can no longer
use their special abilities.
I'm free!
Yuya knew he'd take
major damage,
but he did it anyway
to save Zuzu!
Yuya!
(Obelisk Force K)
Halt!
Huh?
You're coming with us!
(whimpers)
Zuzu!
(groaning)
(whimpers)
Stay back.
Moon Shadow.
This mission just got
way more risky.
Without Barrett
or Yuri's help,
I'm not sure we'll be able
to capture that girl anymore.
Let's retreat for now.
Now you can focus
on defeating Sergey.
Yeah! Thanks
for the help!
I use Xiangke Magician's
Pendulum ability
to change Dark Rebellion
Xyz Dragon's rank
into a level!
(grunting)
(roaring)
Then his partner,
Xiangsheng Magician,
will fire her mystical bow
to make Dark Rebellion
have the same level as Odd‐Eyes.
(grunting)
(roaring)
Since my two Dragons
have the same level,
I can use them to build
the overlay network!
Dragon with blazing,
raging eyes,
come and conquer
all that stands against you!
I Xyz Summon!
Odd‐eyes Rebellion Dragon!
Here we go, Sergey!
Odd‐eyes Rebellion Dragon
attacks Earthbound Servant
Geo Gryphon!
Sweeping Static Strike!
(roaring)
You have activated Geo Gryphon's
special ability.
As a result
of its destruction,
Odd‐eyes Rebellion Dragon
is also destroyed.
With not a single monster
to defend with,
all your life points
are ripe for the taking.
Now finish that annoying pest,
Sergey.
Geo Kraken,
attack Yuya directly
and eliminate
his remaining life points.
(roaring)
(grunting and groaning)
No. Yuya!
Stop!
Seize the girl, Sergey!
Zuzu!
(grunts)
Aah!
(whimpers)
No! Zuzu!
Zuzu!
(gasps)
(Zuzu)
Yuya!